Okay, the easy way to create roads in
relation and jump 5.6 is very simple to
use it. First of all, you have to open
the editor. Go to games, create new
project this project name road tutorial
DD. Hit
create. Uh first thing first uh we have
to go to file create new level choose
empty level create a
landscape. Make sure to enable edit
layers. Make it this one
true
create. After that we have to adjust the
lighting environment light mixer.
Okay, save all this one
road. Okay, return right now to
selection mode and create a
plane shapes
plane. I want to use this plane as
static mesh. To do that we have first of
all we have to go browse
asset assets action
export. I want to export this one as FBX
[Music]
file. Okay. In my
save
export. Okay.
and import that. Hit import. Okay,
fine. Let's return here to the
[Music]
content. Okay, this is my
uh static
mess. Okay, hit save. Now, let's go to
the fab
marketplace and import material.
load. Okay. Set the price small model
filter. Set the price for
[Music]
free. And I want to choose this
material. Fine. American road for me. I
want to ch the highest quality as
possible. The raw
quality. Add to my
project. It's
importing. Okay.
file. Close this one. Turn here.
Open. And after
that, search for
robot. Okay. Let's see what's the name
of the material.
This one am
I?
Okay. Uh, this
one. Okay. Fine. This the road
material. And now I hit save.
closed. Okay, delete now the plane and
return to the landscape
mode and go and add a new layer.
landscape edit layer
splines. Okay, go right
here. Press
control the first
spline. Control next
one. Okay.
Now, now I want to create my
root. Select this
line. Press shift. Select all the
splines and go in this
corner. Search for spline messes and
skip messes. Add an
array and choose my roads.
It's looks not good. We have to adjust
them. This is Y
axis. If right now to
adjust this one one to the
center this one to
one. Okay. Thank you guys for watching.
This is all for this tutorial. This is
how to create the roads.